(feat): dynamic pricing (#39)
chalk-ai/examples: full_examples/dynamic_pricing/README.md

# Dynamic Price Prediction with Chalk

> In this example we set up some code showing how to write dynamic pricing features. The goal of this example

Author: ```suggestion
In this example we set up some code showing how to write dynamic pricing features in Chalk. The goal of this example
```

> In this example we set up some code showing how to write dynamic pricing features in Chalk. The goal of this example

Author: ```suggestion
In this example we set up some code showing how to write dynamic pricing features in Chalk. The goal```

> is to show how a company that was dynamically pricing hotels might define their features. This example assumes that data is defined in two places:

Author: ```suggestion
is to show how a company that dynamically prices hotels might define their features. This example assumes that data is defined in two places:
```

> is to show how a company that was dynamically pricing hotels would define their features in Chalk. This example assumes that data is defined in two places:

Author: ```suggestion
is to show how a company that was dynamically pricing hotels might define their features. This example assumes that data is defined in two places:
```

> - A Postgres database with a hotel table which contains some basic features,

Author: ```suggestion
- A Postgres database with a `hotel` table which contains some basic features like `num_rooms` and `location`,
```

> - A Postgres database with a `hotel` table which contains some basic features like `num_rooms` and `location`,

Author: ```suggestion
- A Postgres database with a `hotel` table which contains basic features like `num_rooms` and `location`,
```

> - A Kafka stream which updates in realtime with User hotel interaction information.

Author: ```suggestion
- A Kafka stream which updates in realtime with customer-hotel interaction information.
```
